# Alone-AI

_Alone among the stars with GPT flourishes_

## Alone Among the Stars

By Takuma Okada | noroadhome.itch.io

A solo roleplaying game about exploring fantastic planets

You are a solitary adventurer, hopping from planet to planet exploring. Each
world has unique features for you to discover and record.

In your ship's log, record a short description and your reaction in a few
sentences, and move on to the next discovery. Each time you complete a planet,
give it a name if it needs one, and find a new planet.

## alone-ai

This program automates the setup of an Alone Among the Stars game. It uses the
games random generation of planets and features to craft a series of events as
writing prompts. This entire journey is then fed into GPT to add descriptive
flourishes and initial narrative.

## Installation

1. Clone this repo
2. Set up a virtual environment
3. Install the `requirements.txt`
4. Ensure you have an `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable set with your
   credentials
5. Run alone.py
6. Use the output-log as the inspiration for additional journals and exploratory
   writing.

## Sample output

### Log of Deep Space Traveler 3824: Planet QQS931-2

#### Day 1:

As I landed on the first planet of my journey, I marveled at the sight of the
desert expanse before me. The landscape was dominated by shimmering dunes that
wove and shifted under the watchful eye of two suns. The heat was oppressive,
and as I journeyed further into the desert, I encountered an enigmatic natural
occurrence. Mirages danced and swirled in the distance, playing tricks on my
perception. Spires of water in the midst of sand, and lush vegetation in the
heart of the arid desert. My scientific mind raced with analytical fervor, my
senses bewitched by the illusions that defied the laws of physics.

#### Day 3:

The second planet of my voyage presented a stark contrast to the desolate
expanses of the first. Towering cliffs pierced the sky, and I found myself
perched upon their precipitous edges, observing the awe-inspiring sight of
ancient, primeval creatures. Various species of dinosaur-like beings thundered
and roamed the rocky valleys below. Their magnificence and primitive grandeur
were a testament to the rich biodiversity of this world. With fervent
excitement, I documented their behaviors, and marveled at the evolutionary
adaptations that allowed them to thrive in this terrain.

#### Day 6:
My journey led me to the lush banks of a gentle river, where I encountered a
plethora of stationary life forms. Throughout my explorations, I encountered an
array of peculiar and vibrant flora. From towering, bioluminescent trees that
emitted a soft, ethereal glow, to oozing mushrooms that seemed to pulsate in
sync with an otherworldly rhythm. Such diverse life was an artist's
masterpiece, an exquisite symphony of colors and forms dotting the landscape.
My studies of these fascinating organisms occupied my time well into the night,
as their alien properties intrigued and confounded my scientific sensibilities.

As I embark on the next leg of my journey, I eagerly anticipate the enigmatic
wonders that await on the planets that lie ahead. Each discovery fills me with
an insatiable thirst for knowledge, propelling me deeper into the heart of the
cosmos.
